README.md, before:

[![Abstract Technology Profile LinkedIn Banner](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/22b3bd9e-f980-44af-bf87-f2b94beba102)](https://arnavkucheriya.github.io/Portfolio/)

## About Me - <a href="https://arnavkucheriya.github.io/Portfolio/" target="_blank">Arnav Kucheriya</a>

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ArnavKucheriya/" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin" alt="LinkedIn"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/ArnavKucheriya/" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github" alt="GitHub"></a>
<a href="https://www.instagram.com/arnavkucheriya" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=instagram" alt="Instagram"></a>

I'm a Computer Science student and Enthusiast.

Exploring:
- **Machine Learning**
- **Data Science**
- **Theoretical Computing**

I am also interested in Game Design and Development: 
- **Unity**
- **Unreal Engine 5**
- **Blender**

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ArnavKucheriya&layout=compact)


<!-- 
[Portfolio](https://arnavkucheriya.github.io/Portfolio/)

Click the IMAGE!

<!-- [![pixel-jeff-clipc-s](https://github.com/ArnavKucheriya/ArnavKucheriya/assets/114359370/25ea7f6c-742a-4ea8-a4d8-c8cb369cffc6)](https://arnavkucheriya.github.io/Portfolio/)
<!--
![pixel-jeff-clipc-s](https://github.com/ArnavKucheriya/ArnavKucheriya/assets/114359370/53b33f74-30b6-4268-8ad2-d8e3794e563b)
<!--
![cyber-city-1920x1080](https://github.com/ArnavKucheriya/ArnavKucheriya/assets/114359370/24bd69d7-93e4-451d-a940-157666903a86)
<!--
# Welcome To Arnav Kucheriya's GitHub!
## About Me -
I'm a Computer Science student and Enthusiast. I am currently exploring the fields of **Quantum Computing** and **Theoretical Computing**.
I also do Game Development using **Unity**, **Unreal Engine 5** and **Cryengine**.
-->
<!--
![ArnavKucheriya's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ArnavKucheriya&show_icons=true&bg_color=30,e96443,904e95&title_color=fff&text_color=fff) ![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ArnavKucheriya&layout=compact)
-->
<!--
![ArnavKucheriya's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ArnavKucheriya&show_icons=true&theme=dracula)
-->
<!--  
## Currently Working on : [***Initial Drift***](https://github.com/ArnavKucheriya/InitialDrift)

  [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=unity,cs)](https://skillicons.dev)
  
<details>
  <summary><h2>Take a look at some of my Projects :</h2></summary>
<br>
<a href="https://arnavkucheriya.github.io/InitialDrift/">Initial Drift</a>

![IMAGE1](https://github.com/ArnavKucheriya/InitialDrift/blob/main/Images/Screenshot%20(62).png)

<a href="https://arnavkucheriya.github.io/DoomsDay_Fractals/">Dooms Day Fractals</a>

![Julia2](https://github.com/ArnavKucheriya/DoomsDay_Fractals/blob/main/ReadMeImgs/Screenshot%20(4).png)

<a href="https://arnavkucheriya.github.io/CityRunner/">City Runner</a>

![Start Screen](https://github.com/ArnavKucheriya/CityRunner/blob/main/Images/Screenshot%20(57).png)
</details><details>
  <summary><h2>Algorithm Labs and Projects :</h2></summary>
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/ArnavKucheriya/CS3_CRHS">CR-CS Algorithms</a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/ArnavKucheriya/CS4_ReGex_Labs">CS4-Regex</a>
  </details>
  <details>
  <summary><h2>Languge and Data Base Proficiency -</h2></summary>
  <br>
  <summary><h3>Front End -</h3></summary>

  [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=js,html,css,angular,react,jquery)](https://skillicons.dev)
  
  <summary><h3>Back End -</h3></summary>

  [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java,cpp,cs,c,python,rust)](https://skillicons.dev)
  
  <summary><h3>Game Dev -</h3></summary>

  [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=unity,unreal)](https://skillicons.dev)

  <summary><h3>Cloud -</h3></summary>

  [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=azure,aws)](https://skillicons.dev)
  
  <summary><h3>Databases -</h3></summary>

  [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mysql,mongodb)](https://skillicons.dev)

   </details>



<!--
**ArnavKucheriya/ArnavKucheriya** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update interests in README.md
Removed game design interests and added statistics and photography.

README.md, after:

[![Abstract Technology Profile LinkedIn Banner](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/22b3bd9e-f980-44af-bf87-f2b94beba102)](https://arnavkucheriya.github.io/Portfolio/)

## About Me - <a href="https://arnavkucheriya.github.io/Portfolio/" target="_blank">Arnav Kucheriya</a>

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ArnavKucheriya/" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin" alt="LinkedIn"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/ArnavKucheriya/" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github" alt="GitHub"></a>
<a href="https://www.instagram.com/arnavkucheriya" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=instagram" alt="Instagram"></a>

I'm a Computer Science student and Enthusiast.

Exploring:
- **Machine Learning**
- **Data Science**
- **Theoretical Computing**

I am also interested in Statistics, Statistical Analysis and Modeling, and Photography!

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ArnavKucheriya&layout=compact)


<!-- 
[Portfolio](https://arnavkucheriya.github.io/Portfolio/)

Click the IMAGE!

<!-- [![pixel-jeff-clipc-s](https://github.com/ArnavKucheriya/ArnavKucheriya/assets/114359370/25ea7f6c-742a-4ea8-a4d8-c8cb369cffc6)](https://arnavkucheriya.github.io/Portfolio/)
<!--
![pixel-jeff-clipc-s](https://github.com/ArnavKucheriya/ArnavKucheriya/assets/114359370/53b33f74-30b6-4268-8ad2-d8e3794e563b)
<!--
![cyber-city-1920x1080](https://github.com/ArnavKucheriya/ArnavKucheriya/assets/114359370/24bd69d7-93e4-451d-a940-157666903a86)
<!--
# Welcome To Arnav Kucheriya's GitHub!
## About Me -
I'm a Computer Science student and Enthusiast. I am currently exploring the fields of **Quantum Computing** and **Theoretical Computing**.
I also do Game Development using **Unity**, **Unreal Engine 5** and **Cryengine**.
-->
<!--
![ArnavKucheriya's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ArnavKucheriya&show_icons=true&bg_color=30,e96443,904e95&title_color=fff&text_color=fff) ![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ArnavKucheriya&layout=compact)
-->
<!--
![ArnavKucheriya's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ArnavKucheriya&show_icons=true&theme=dracula)
-->
<!--  
## Currently Working on : [***Initial Drift***](https://github.com/ArnavKucheriya/InitialDrift)

  [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=unity,cs)](https://skillicons.dev)
  
<details>
  <summary><h2>Take a look at some of my Projects :</h2></summary>
<br>
<a href="https://arnavkucheriya.github.io/InitialDrift/">Initial Drift</a>

![IMAGE1](https://github.com/ArnavKucheriya/InitialDrift/blob/main/Images/Screenshot%20(62).png)

<a href="https://arnavkucheriya.github.io/DoomsDay_Fractals/">Dooms Day Fractals</a>

![Julia2](https://github.com/ArnavKucheriya/DoomsDay_Fractals/blob/main/ReadMeImgs/Screenshot%20(4).png)

<a href="https://arnavkucheriya.github.io/CityRunner/">City Runner</a>

![Start Screen](https://github.com/ArnavKucheriya/CityRunner/blob/main/Images/Screenshot%20(57).png)
</details><details>
  <summary><h2>Algorithm Labs and Projects :</h2></summary>
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/ArnavKucheriya/CS3_CRHS">CR-CS Algorithms</a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/ArnavKucheriya/CS4_ReGex_Labs">CS4-Regex</a>
  </details>
  <details>
  <summary><h2>Languge and Data Base Proficiency -</h2></summary>
  <br>
  <summary><h3>Front End -</h3></summary>

  [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=js,html,css,angular,react,jquery)](https://skillicons.dev)
  
  <summary><h3>Back End -</h3></summary>

  [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java,cpp,cs,c,python,rust)](https://skillicons.dev)
  
  <summary><h3>Game Dev -</h3></summary>

  [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=unity,unreal)](https://skillicons.dev)

  <summary><h3>Cloud -</h3></summary>

  [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=azure,aws)](https://skillicons.dev)
  
  <summary><h3>Databases -</h3></summary>

  [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mysql,mongodb)](https://skillicons.dev)

   </details>



<!--
**ArnavKucheriya/ArnavKucheriya** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
